docs(run-rails): updates for clarity and correctness (#1560)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/run-rails/core-classes.md

])
```

> Context variables can be accessed in Colang flows using `$variable_name` syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access context variables in Colang flows using `$variable_name` syntax:
```

```colang
define bot explain permissions
    "Hello {$user_name}! As an {$user_role}, you have full system access."
```

> Or in Python actions through the `context` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can access context variables through the `context` parameter. For example, you can set up an action function that uses a variable extracted from the `context` parameter as follows:
```
